{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17580\viewh13500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Computer-aided X-ray screening for tuberculosis and HIV testing: a randomised trial and cost-effectiveness analysis in Malawi (PROSPECT)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 This dataset contains individual-level data for participants who took part in the PROSPECT Study (clinicaltrials.gov: NCT03519425\
https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03519425), a three-arm randomised trial of computer-aided chest-xray screening and HIV testing in primary care in Malawi. Data are sufficient to allow replication of all trial analysis within the main trial manuscript.\
\
Adults aged 18 years attending acute primary care services with symptoms of tuberculosis (cough of any duration) and who provided informed consent were recruited to the trial and underwent baseline questionnaire, and were randomly allocated to one of three trial arms: standard of care; HIV testing; or HIV testing plus digital chest x-ray screening using CAD4TBv5 (DCXR-CAD), with TB confirmatory testing by sputum Xpert. Participants were followed for 56 days after recruitment for outcome assessment. The primary outcome was time to TB treatment. Secondary outcomes were proportion with same-day TB treatment; prevalence of undiagnosed/untreated bacteriologically-confirmed TB on day 56; and undiagnosed/untreated HIV.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
The dataset is in .csv file format.\uc0\u8232 \
There are a total of 1462 records, each containing data on an individual trial participant.\uc0\u8232 \
There are a total of 21 variables, which are defined below.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
group: trial arm participant was randomly allocated to: SOC: standard of care; HIV: HIV testing; HIV-TB: HIV testing plus DCXR-CAD\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
cough: did participant report cough at recruitment? yes; no\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
duration_of_cough_weeks: duration of cough in weeks\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
night_sweats: did participant report night sweats? yes; no\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
weight_loss: did participant report weight loss? yes; no\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
fever: did participant report fever? yes; no\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
reported_hiv_status: participant's self-reported HIV status at baseline: HIV-positive; HIV-negative; never tested\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
taking_antiretoviral_therapy: was participant was taking antiretroviral therapy for treatment of HIV? yes; no\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
euro_qol_5q_5d_3l_zimbabwe_tariff: EuroQol EQ5D3L score (Zimbabwe tariff), measured at baseline\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
cxr_done: among participants allocated to the HIV-TB arm, was a chest x-ray done? yes; no\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
cad4tbv5_score: CAD4TBv5 score on digital chest x-ray (range 0-100, with higher score indicating greater probability of pulmonary TB)\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
cad4tbv5_above_threshold: was the CAD4TBv5 score on chest x-ray above the threshold for sputum testing (greater than or equal to 45); yes; no\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sputum_xpert_done: for participants with CAD4TBv5 scores above the threshold, was a sputum Xpert test done? yes; no\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sputum_xpert_result: for participants where a sputum Xpert test was done, what was the result of the Xpert test (mtb detected: Xpert showed presence of Mycobaterium tuberculosis)\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
primary_outcome_tb_treatment_initiation: primary trial outcome. Was TB treatment initiated within 56 days of recruitment? 1=yes, 0=no\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
primary_outcome_days_to_tb_initiation: primary trial outcome. Days from recruitment to initiation of TB treatment, or completion of follow-up/censoring if didn't initiate TB treatment\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
secondary_outcome_undiagnsed_tb: secondary trial outcome. Did participant have undiagnosed/untreated microbiologically-confirmed TB on sputum smear, culture or Xpert on sample taken at Day 56 outcome assessment? yes; no\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
secondary_outcome_same_day_tb_treatment: Secondary trial outcome. Did participant initiate TB treatment on the same day as recruitment? yes; no\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
secondary_outcome_undiagnosed_hiv: Secondary outcome. Did participant have undiagnosed or untreated HIV at Day 56 outcome assessment? yes; no\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
secondary_outcome_mortality: did participant die during follow-up period? yes; no\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
secondary_outcome_eq5d: EuroQol EQ5D3L score (Zimbabwe tariff), measured at Day 56 outcome assessment visit\
}